feat(feedback): Document more custom labels in the Feedback SDK (#14793)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/user-feedback/configuration/index.mdx

| `messageLabel`                | `"Description"`                          | The label for the feedback description input field.                                                                    |
| `messagePlaceholder`          | `"What's the bug? What did you expect?"` | The placeholder for the feedback description input field.                                                              |
| `successMessageText`          | `"Thank you for your report!"`           | The message displayed after a successful feedback submission.                                                          |

> | `highlightToolText`           | `"Highlight"`                            | The label for the button that highlights portions ofthe screenshot.                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `highlightToolText`           | `"Highlight"`                            | The label for the button that highlights portions of the screenshot.                                                    |
```

| `hideToolText`                | `"Hide"`                                 | The label for the button that hides portions of the screenshot.                                                        |

> | `removeHighlightText`         | `"Remove"`                               | The label for the button that removed a highlight/hidden section of the screenshot.                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `removeHighlightText`         | `"Remove"`                               | The label for the button that removes a highlighted/hidden section of the screenshot.                                    |
```
